# Schedule Management App - Group7 - COMP3350 - A03
## Vision
The Schedule management application will be used to plan out the activities of the user on a by-day or by-week basis. The application will be accessible via Android device so that the user would be able to access it at any point given that they have access to their Android device. The application can display the user’s schedule (previous, current, and future) as well as allow the user to make changes to their schedule.

The app will feature the ability to create a schedule, view or edit existing schedules, add the user’s availability, and send alerts or reminders to the user for upcoming events depending on their specification. The user will be able to share their schedule and availability with other users by creating group(s) of users and by granting access to other people (workplace schedule), or by sharing individually to others (mutual event, meeting, dates, etc.). The alerts or reminders would be scheduled by the user at the interval of their choosing (week before, day before, hour before, minutes before). It would also be possible to allow the users to view any of their created schedules as well as allow the user to track their progress by browsing the history of completed tasks based on a schedule(s). The app will also provide a user performance tracker by displaying the average number of tasks that have been accomplished each day/week.

The schedules will show the events or activities the user will be participating in. It will also allow the user to be able to send a message whether they would be able to attend the event due to unforeseen circumstances. The schedules will be easily viewable and can display any conflicting schedules.

The target audience would be everyone since people usually planning out how they would like to spend their time during the day or a period of time. An example would be for a workplace where the supervisor or manager would be scheduling the staff or employees that would be working during that day, the employees could also submit their availability to the work schedules such that the supervisor or manager would be able to view and work with it. Individuals can use the app to schedule or plan an event and be able to share it with other people or invite other people to the event, this should also allow individual users to inform whether they would or would not be able to attend any event.

This app would allow the users to manage their time more efficiently and effectively by allowing the users to plan out their week/day and communicate it to others if needed. The app will also help avoid conflicts that may arise from 2 or more events happening at the same time.

The app would be considered successful based on three criteria. First, how easy and intuitive it is to learn and use the application. Second, how easy it would be to implement or adapt the app into their daily lives. Finally, how effective and helpful is the app for managing or scheduling their time or tracking their progress. If the first two of the criteria are met, the app would be considered a successful app.
## Branching Strategy
The branching Strategy we decide to use as a group was the GitHub Flow.

We started off by each group member creating their own branch that was derived off the master branch. This helped each of the group members to focus on the tasks they each picked up or were assigned. Since all the files and code we have on the master branch is considered deployable, we also added a extra branch after master that would allow all the team members to see all the group work put together in one place before submission this branch we called it deployment.

Deployment branch is where all the group members merged their branches after they had finished their tasks. The development branch was then used for all the final reviewing as a group before merging it with master before the release. Since Master branch was our stable branch, we did not want to mess it up.
